[Applause]
[Music]
is
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
sometimes you just feel
tired feel weak when you feel weak you
feel like you want to just give up you
got to search with you try to find that
inner strength and just pull that [ __ ]
out of you and get that motivation to
not and not qu matter how bad you want
to fallat on your face so I Collapse I'm
spilling these raps long as you feel
them to the day that I drop you'll never
say that I'm not killing them cuz when I
am not then I'm going stop pinning them
and I am not hip hop and I'm just not
Ming them subliminal thoughts when I'mma
stop spinning them women a caught and
web spin them in Hawk SP them adrenaline
shots the penicillin could not get the
illen is stop a mo toing just not really
enough the criminal cop killing hip hop
feeling a minimal swap the cop millions
of Pock listeners you coming with me
feel it or not you're going to fear it
like I show you the spirit of God us you
hear it a lot lyrics the shock is it a
miracle or my just product of pop this
enough my whistle this is the plot LIF
up you P forgot do not give
a till the lights go out my leg out
can't check my mouth till the Smoke
Clears out and my high I'mma rip this
[ __ ] till my Bon till the the lights my
leg and I
I'm music is like magic there's a
certain feeling you get when you re and
you spit people are feeling your [ __ ]
this is your moment and every single
minute you spin trying to hold on to it
cuz you may never get it again so while
you're in it try to get as much [ __ ] as
you can and when you run is over just
admit when it's it it 10 cuz I'm at the
end of my whs would have the [ __ ] to get
in I got a list here's the order of my
list that it's in it goes reie JZ Tupac
and piggy Andre from Outcast J corrupt
NZ and then me put in this in this tree
I'm the cause of a lot of Envy so when
I'm not put on this list this [ __ ]
that's not offend me that's why you see
me walk around like nothing's bothering
me even though half you people got a
[ __ ] problem with me you hate it but
you more respect you got to give me the
Pres Dre like bobing your Whitney n the
room till the lights go my leg can't
myth till the smoke clear out am I high
I'mma rip this [ __ ] in my bone out
the the lights my
leg my
high soon as a first starts I eat it at
MC's heart what is he thinking I'm not
to go against me smart and it's absurd
how people hang on every word I'll
probably never get the props I feel I
ever deserve but I'll never be served my
spot is forever reserved if I ever leave
Earth that would be the death of me
first cuz in my heart of hearts I know
nothing I could ever be worse that's why
I'm clever when I put together every
reverse my thoughts are sporadic I act
like I'm an adct I rap like I'm a dick
to smack like I'm Kim Ms but I don't
want to go forth and back and constant
battles the fact is I would rather sit
back and B some rappers so this is like
a full blown attack I'm launching atam
the track is on some battle and raps and
want some static cuz I don't really
think that the fact that I'm slim m is a
PL and Platinum Status is whack if I'm
not the badest the comes off till the
lights go out my leg give out can't
check my mouth till the Smoke Clears out
am I high I'mma rip this [ __ ] to my Bon
till the RO the my
leg
my the
roof the roof comes on my leg until my
leg from
underneath me
a I will not
fall I will get
T feels like no one can be me
[Music]
[Music]
